repl: initial basic documentation (#676)
testingisdocumenting/webtau: webtau-docs/znai/REPL/experiments.md

# Read Eval Print Loop

> Webtau command line tool comes with `REPL` mode that stands for 'read-eval-print-loop'. REPL is an established way to 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Webtau command line tool comes with a `REPL` mode that stands for 'read-eval-print-loop'. REPL is an established way to 
```

perform interactive execution of an API for the purpose of learning or experimenting. 

> REPL preserves the context of execution and each new command you run can rely on the established context.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The REPL preserves the context of execution and each new command you run can rely on the established context.
```

# Start REPL

To run webtau in REPL mode run

:include-cli-command: webtau repl 

:include-file: cli-tests/repl-context/out.txt {title: "REPL session"}

# Experiment With API

> Use REPL to try out various apis like `http.`, `browser.`, `db.`, `cli.`, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the REPL to try out various apis like `http.`, `browser.`, `db.`, `cli.`, etc.
```

:include-file: cli-tests/http-repl-output/out.txt {title: "exploring http.get"}

# Setting Config Value

Use `cfg.url = "http://url"` to set base url for experiments.

:include-file: cli-tests/http-repl-cfg/out.txt {title: "setting cfg value"}

# Preserving Browser Context

> In case of browser testing REPL preserves the context of an opened browser, so you can experiment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
During browser testing the REPL preserves the context of an opened browser, so you can experiment
```

with css selectors and element actions without re-opening the browser and setting the right web app state.

:include-file: cli-tests/browser-repl-open/out.txt {title: "opened browser stays"}

> Using element selectors provide additional information in REPL mode to help with exploration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using element selectors provides additional information in REPL mode to help with exploration
```
